- Version XP 2.1

.  Fixed problems with SP2. It now uses DirectX standard method to detect witch pad to configurate so it won't fail again.
.  Very optimized scanning code for N64 and PSX.
.  Fixed installer, UNINSTALL DOES SO CORRECTLY
.  Fixed installer, now the reconfigurate option works correctly.
.  Fixed random "analog led turned off" bug by avoiding Windows Parallel port driver to write to the port.


- Version XP 2.0

.  Added property sheet for the Control Panel
.  New installer
.  It comes in 6 languages
.  Solved problems with NES support and multitap PSX
.  Modified the FF support so that it consumes MANY less resources
.  Added the effects Damper, Inertia and Friction
.  Fixed the Custom Force effect
.  Fixed bug in the control of the duration and repetition of the effects
.  Solved the problems of hangs with EPSXE and ZSNES
.  Added the option to use any port
.  Added manual control of scan delays
.  Added the option of &quot;always analog&quot; without concerning the state of the LED
.  Added support for axes mapping.
.  Added a new scaning mode more faithful to the joystick data (but slow...)


- Version XP 1.1

. Installer: Support for dynamic reconfiguration. That means that you can change the
  the config with out reinstall the driver.
  Support for XP themes (now it looks cute :-) )

. ForceFeedback: More fixes in the DLL.

. Playstation: Support for the Dualshock2 analog buttons.
  Support for connecting a Multitap like a single pad and reading the four that it has
  connected.

. Genesis: New interface witch is compatible with the new parallel ports and supports two pads
  (Check the website to see the circuit)

. Nintendo 64: Fixed axes and phantom button problems.

. NES: Added NES support. It also supports clone NES pads such the Family Game ones.

- Version XP 1.05
. This is an experimental version. Test it and tell me the results about
  speed, response, frame skips, etc.

- Version XP 1.04
. More corrections in n64 scan code
. Now the maximun of pads is 5.
. More corrections to the FF.

- Version XP 1.02

. Better ForceFeedback emulation in some games.
. Acording to the indicted by Fenix, now the N64 should work right.

- Version XP beta 1.0
New developments:

. Functional ForceFeedback support !!!!!!!! (read down in the FF section)
. PSONE ForceFeedback support!
. N64 ForceFeedback support.
. LPT3, LPT4 and NEC parallel ports support.
. The read is now made by a separated thread who makes it much faster
  and accurate. (reads beetwhen 100 and 500 times per second).
. Solved phantom axes and buttons problems for no PSX pads.

- Version XP beta 6 

New developments: 

. Support for joysticks of N64, Genesis, Saturn and Atari 
. Installer totally renewed with wizard format and uninstaller 
. Support up to 10 joysticks with own enumerador (with no need of a joystick port) 
. Button remaping
. Better answer of joystick increasing the scan to 30 times by second 
. Option " DanceRevolution " that does not use axes allowing to tighten all the 
  directional buttons at the same time. 

- Version XP beta 5

Less speed limiting the read to 23 veces por segundo :-((((((((((
Actually you shouln't note difference in FPS but in joystick response.

SUPPORT FOR PSONE PADS (disabling the forcefeedback
in the installer)

- Version XP beta 4

More speed limiting the read to 18 times per second.
I don't thing that I'll take more off. Its the most accurate acording to 
my cientific analisys "pressing the button quickly".

Fixed the reading problems of the PSX pad whose appeared in beta 1. 
Now it should work well, even in machines where the pad wasn't detected 
with version 1.22.

Added deathzone control in the installer. (Remap is comming...)

Big improvents with ForceFeedback. You won't be able to make the pad
vibrate with the games for the moment, but they will detect and start the FF.

- Version XP beta 3

The SNES directionals were not mapped as axes. Now do.

- Version XP beta 2

Little instalation bug who did not install :-))))))

- Version XP beta 1

Better installer for when you are updating the driver from prior versions.

Add the configuration section in the installer.

More speed!. Also is more independat from the processor where is running,
so it should detected allways when the joystick is connected (Bug fix).

Support for the SNES pad.

Support for Multitap based interfaces.

Add the option of using the right analog stick as the main (axes X, Y)
and the left one as secundary (Z and rotation Z)

- Version 1.22

SPEED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. No more frameskips when you play games
emulators and what ever you want!!!!!!!!

- Version 1.21

Fixed the problem "no se encuentra clave del puerto de joystick" when you
install over XP. Note: Maybe its just because I only have a PII 350, but
the instalation over XP takes its minutes of "doing nothing".

- Version 1.2

Installer made to new (agin!!!!!!) so the driver does not disapear
when you turn off the PC. Also allows to remove the driver directly from
the joysticks control panel and works perfectly with Windows XP.

What happened with the XP version????????
For all those who got comunicated with me (specially the ones who asked
for the SNES support) the next version of the driver was going to be the XP.
Well, that stills being thruth. This is a simple half version that installs
well the driver.

- Version 1.1

New installer totally automatic. Installs the 2 drivers by it self for get
the support of the 2 joysticks.

Support for 2 joysticks

Support for LPT2 (automatic)

Some advance in the force feedback. Maybe in the next version I change the
method of the FF. It will change from interpreting the FF calls inside the
driver to interpreting from an external DLL witch is much more simplee.
For the moment stills with out working. 

- Prior Versions

Since its first version there where a couple who added and got better a
little the installer, but nothing important.
